Update index.md (#27100)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/animation/index.md

The order of other values within each animation definition is also important for distinguishing an {{cssxref("animation-name")}} value from other values. If a value in the `animation` shorthand can be parsed as a value for an animation property other than `animation-name`, then the value will be applied to that property first and not to `animation-name`. For this reason, the recommended practice is to specify a value for `animation-name` as the last value in a list of values when using the `animation` shorthand; this holds true even when you specify multiple, comma-separated animations using the `animation` shorthand.

> An `animation-name` value is required to be declared in the `animation` shorthand property. If no name exists, there is no animation to apply on any of the properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While an animation name must be set for an animation to be applied, all values of the `animation` shorthand are optional, and default to the initial value for each long-hand `animation` component. The initial value of `animation-name` is `none`, meaning if no `animation-name` value is declared in the `animation` shorthand property, there is no animation to apply on any of the properties.
```
